# Web System Test

Hello there! Please read through this document before proceeding with your test.

## I am on CodeSandbox

See the browser tab. Instructions on which file to edit can be found there.

### Completing tasks

1. Before you start editing, please make sure you are signed in to CodeSandbox with your personal account.
2. Click 'Fork' of this sandbox.
3. Make sure you rename the forked name to your `Firstname_Lastname-<autogenerated-name>`.
4. Navigate / Edit `App.tsx` to get a feel of the different task section and props you can play with.
5. Begin the tasks. Edit the files as you see fit for each task.
6. Surprise us! Want to implement some cool animations or drastically change all code from this repo? Go ahead!

### Submitting

1. Edit Submission.md file.
2. Click `Share from top right > Copy Sandbox link`.
3. Send us this link via email. You may be asked to delete this public link in the future.

### Disclaimer

You should not create multiple forks or copies of this test. You should not share link to this sandbox or your forked ones with friends or through external websites and social network.

You can download a copy of this to your local machine by going to `File > Export to ZIP`

## Running it locally

You can download a copy of this to your local machine by going to `File > Export to ZIP`. Run `git init`.

### Getting started

```shell
npm i
npm start
```

### Completing tasks

Your tasks will be displayed on http://localhost:3000/.
You must edit the code within the files of this repository. Feel free to edit any file you wish.

### Submitting

After editing Submission.md file,

```shell
MyName="YOUR_NAME"
git archive -o "web-system-test--$MyName.zip" HEAD
```

Send us the zip file generated on the root via email.
